KRA------ 2021-2022
1) Customer Focus:

I think I have given my best to fulfill the requirements of the customer's need and improve the product quality. Results we got good appreciations 
from our client and they are happy with our work and there were no escalations which is a good sign for me and my team members it gives us confidence 
while delivering the work.

I am hoping that my team members are also happy working with me because I do not create any kind of pressure on any of the team members. I always motivate 
them like that they can understand their responsibility towards the product delivery and whatever task is assigned to them. If they are stuck anywhere I 
help them. And if I feel that their code needs improvement then I work with them and teach them at the same time, I also learn from them and appreciate 
them when they did well.

I am personally always more focused on improving the product quality apart from the routine delivery. 

I refactor the code on a daily basis where ever is necessary and always try to improve the business logic which helps in improving 
the performance of the application. 

I review the codes that other team members are delivered. To avoid the risks to the application and to maintain the coding pattern and standards.
 
I personally follow the code style guides which are recommended by developers from big IT giants like Google, Facebook, and Airbnb, etc.Because 
they handle the very complex single-page application with React and other javascript frameworks. Which helps me in avoiding the mistakes which 
will be harmful to the product. And I am always looking for new and better solutions which help to improve because I love my products so much.


We integrated Cloudinary for image optimizations which really helps us for improving the application performance and the Sentry tool for keeping
real-time monitoring of the application which notifies the developers asap if any end-user faces any issues. And integrates Google Analytics with 
tag manager to measure the real-time traffic on the portal.

At the same time, I am maintaining the documentation of whatever new things we are implementing in our projects so that other team 
members can understand the implementation easily and I always encourage my team members also to document the implementation which 
they explore and keep safe the reference links so that will be helpful for the other team members as well.


2) Financial:
I do take care of the code quality, I review the codes done by the other team members, and I am always trying to maintain the same standards to follow
across the application which may avoid the risk of application break, and indirect damages to the organization. And I always try to adopt the good coding 
standards recommended by the industry and ask my teammates to follow the same guidelines.And, we do complete all the tasks before time to avoid escalation 
and damage to the organization's as well as personal reputation. I am personally always more focused on improving the product quality apart from the routine 
delivery. I refactor the code on a daily basis where ever is necessary and always try to improve the business logic which helps in improving 
the performance of the application.To avoid the risks to the application and to maintain the coding pattern and standards.
 

3) Business Processes:
I follow the industry-standard guides for application building and guiding my teammates to follow the standards and encourage them to look 
for application code again from time to time and do the improvements. I do not leave the application as it is but I always try to find the 
areas of improvement for the better stability of the application. To manage the enterprise-level application becomes very hard 
if we don't do these activities from time to time.

I give training to the new joiner and give the walkthrough of the application and the application code.
And help them if they got stuck anywhere then I help them and make them a productive resource. And I ask them also to bring suggestions 
for improving the architecture of the application. 
This helps them to improve their reading habits and I believe this will be beneficial for our organization.

I participate in sprint plannings and task allocations and to make sure that sprint will deliver on time
without any loss. Sometimes for the successful delivery, we put in extra effort i.e we extend our working hrs and even 
we worked on weekends also to fulfill our commitments. Because making one mistake can be harmful to the complete project and team. 


4) People Related:

I do Participation in evaluating the candidates and look for best talent for our organization.

I do Participation in team mentoring and at an individual level also guide my team members and support them when required 
to make sure that they can improve their skills and productivity. 

And For my personal development I self tut myself for that I take online courses, read blogs and articles to excel my skills.Takes guidence
from my manager and seniors time to time. I attend the training sessions which are being conducted in our organzation from time to time 
that helps me in boosting my skills.





